The rebel army turned out to be such a rebel army
I misread you
Hahaha, the winner and the loser
It's too late to say anything
One day either you or I will die
I really admire you.
Oh baby
How do you want to solve it?
He deserves the punishment he deserves.
I'll do it myself
Brothers, what is our slogan?
Fight for equal freedom
What are our house rules?
First, absolute trust, assured partner.
Second, never deceive or hurt a partner
Third, never betray a partner
Very good.
The three railways of our rebel army are absolute
There's no question about it.
And our predecessor, Datong Li
Betray me for my own selfish desires
Also killed the double gift
What are you saying we're going to do to him?
Sorry, confident.
Sorry, so confident.
Today I will let him die at my second brother's grave